capital = 594

oob = "GXC_1936"

recruit_character = GXC_bai_chongxi
recruit_character = GXC_chen_xiong
recruit_character = GXC_cheng_siyuan
recruit_character = GXC_huang_xuchu
recruit_character = GXC_huang_zhongyue
recruit_character = GXC_lei_peihong
recruit_character = GXC_lei_yin
recruit_character = GXC_li_pinxian
recruit_character = GXC_li_zongren
recruit_character = GXC_liao_lei
recruit_character = GXC_lin_weicheng
recruit_character = GXC_liu_fei
recruit_character = GXC_liu_shiyi
recruit_character = GXC_qiu_changwei
recruit_character = GXC_su_xixun
recruit_character = GXC_wei_yunshong
recruit_character = GXC_xia_wei
recruit_character = GXC_zhang_gan
recruit_character = GXC_zhou_zuhuang
recruit_character = GXC_jiang_guangnai
recruit_character = GXC_cai_tingkai
recruit_character = GXC_chen_mingshu
recruit_character = GXC_Li_Jishen
recruit_character = GXC_qu_shounian

add_stability = 0.08
add_war_support = 0.1

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	mass_assault = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	EFM_Southwest_two_agencies
	GXC_old_officals
	GXC_Guangxi_economy
	GXC_org
	GXC_Iron_will
	GXC_New_guangxi_clique
	GXC_Militia_system
	GXC_Baojia_system
	GXC_Japanese_consultant
}

#add_opinion_modifier = { target = JAP modifier = hostile_status } #MODDED

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "GXC_1936_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "GXC_1936_air_legacy"
	    set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
		}
	}
}


1939.1.1 = { #MODDED
	add_to_war = { #MODDED
		targeted_alliance = CHI #MODDED
		enemy = JAP #MODDED
	} #MODDED

	add_political_power = 1198 #MODDED
	if = {
		limit = {
			NOT = { #MODDED
				has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
			}
		}
		#generic focuses #MODDED
		complete_national_focus = GXC_army_effort
		complete_national_focus = GXC_equipment_effort
		complete_national_focus = GXC_motorization_effort #MODDED
		complete_national_focus = GXC_aviation_effort
		complete_national_focus = GXC_construction_effort_2
		complete_national_focus = GXC_production_effort_2 #MODDED
		complete_national_focus = GXC_infrastructure_effort
		complete_national_focus = GXC_industrial_effort
		complete_national_focus = GXC_construction_effort
		complete_national_focus = GXC_production_effort #MODDED
	}

	oob = "GXC_1939"
	set_technology = {
		#doctrines
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		oil_processing = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
	set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 0
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 100

}
set_politics = {

	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
	}
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 0
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 100

}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Huang Shaohong"
	desc = ""
	picture = "Portrait_GXC_Huang_Shaohong.dds"
	expire = "1969.1.13"
	ideology = marxism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}